feat(curriculum): add accessible audio controller workshop to FSD cert (#62605)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-accessible-audio-controller/68ec0a48c9d6db3594d768c3.md

---
id: 68ec0a48c9d6db3594d768c3
title: Step 4
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

> Now, one more `span` element needs to be added below the one added in the last step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it is time to add another `span` element.
```

This `span` element should have an `id` attribute set to `"volume-description"`.
Also, the text for this `span` element should be `Adjust the sound level`.

> Similar to the previous `span` element the `id` of this `span` will later be referenced by ARIA attributes so assistive technologies can identify this text as the description for the volume control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the previous `span` element, the `id` of this `span` will later be referenced by ARIA attributes so assistive technologies can identify this text as the description for the volume control.
```

# --hints--

You should have two `span` elements inside the `div` element.

```js
const spans = document.querySelectorAll('div > span');
assert.lengthOf(spans, 2);
```

Your second `span` element should have an `id` attribute.

```js
const secondSpanEl = document.querySelector('div > span:nth-of-type(2)');

> assert.exists(secondSpanEl.getAttribute('id'));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
assert.isTrue(secondSpanEl?.hasAttribute('id'));
```
